Feat/improve no ntc charging (#148)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

    need to be uploaded to the nPM 1300 EK. These models can be found in the
    side panel under **Add new active battery model**.

### Fixed

> -   Profiling battery's with no NTC will now save the user temperature to file
>     and not 25°C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Profiling a battery with no NTC will now save the user temperature to file instead of saving the fallback value of 25°C.
```

> -   Tooltip for the **NTC thermistor** when configuring a profile is now visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Tooltip for the **NTC thermistor** when configuring a profile. The tooltip is now visible.
```
